today i am going to explain the movie called
bloodlust beauty from 2019. spoilers ahead watch
out and take care and i hope you enjoy it at the
beginning of the movie we saw a girl named miriam
and her husband roy was talking to his business
partner on the phone so that he could get the
project nowadays roy's financial situation was not
so great and that's why he was not treating maryam
very well on the other side we saw a painter named
yoda he asked the hotel owner about the address
of his new house the owner of the hotel showed
him the address and then yoda went there after
reaching there he was trying to paint something
but he had no idea about what he should draw
and suddenly yoda saw maryam she was looking
so beautiful in red dress yoda went after her
on the other side we saw maryam's husband roy he
went to a guy named ozyozi was a gangster and he
had a business of providing loans but when
someone didn't return his money on the time
he would torture them very badly or he would
kill them roy was also in debt to oozy but
instead of giving the money back he asked for more
money he told him that if i can get this project
then i will return your money with interest
roy agreed with him and gave him his boss's
money and threatened him to return the money
in time maryam went to her dad's grave and
started to cry in her dad's memory when maryam
went back home yoda went there after her
and he started to draw her secretly because
a beautiful girl like maryam was the perfect
model for his painting maryam noticed yoda and
suddenly went there and caught him red-handed
she asked him how are you drawing my portrait
without my permission yoda said sorry to her
and say that i am a painter i couldn't figure
out what i should draw but then i saw you and
i thought that you were the perfect model for
my painting maryam forgave him since he was a
painter and asked him to make a painting
of herself and her dad yoda agreed with her
but when maryam told him that i need my
husband's permission for this we saw the yoda
became a little upset because he had no idea that
maryam was married in the evening when roy came
back home maryam asked him for permission to make
the paintings but roy told her that we are already
in a financial problem and you want to make a
painting at this time have you gone mad but when
maryam told him that the painter would make those
paintings for free then roy gave her permission
without any hesitation the next day maryam went to
the painter's house and then she gave him a photo
of her dad to make his painting and told him that
her father was such a good man and he had so much
respect for women she also taught me self-defense
after that maryam begins to spend more and more
time with yoda so that yoda could make a good
painting of her and one day roy called his house
and asked the maid about maryam she told him that
maryam went to the painter to make those paintings
after hearing this roy started to have a doubt
that his wife must be cheating on him and that's
why he was about to come back home early but then
the man of aussie came there and put him into the
car and took him to their boss ozy punched him
in the face and asked him to return the money
roy immediately called his partner and asked him
if they got the project or not his partner told
him that the project had been cancelled and some
of our colleagues have been arrested by the police
when we saw that the police were outside of roy's
partner house which means they have come to arrest
him as well roy became so shocked after hearing
this and ozzy realized that his project had been
cancelled ozy became so angry and he was about to
cut off roy's fingers but then roy stopped him and
told him that i will sell my house and return
your money but the problem is this house was in
maryam's name and now roy just need to convince
maryam and that's why uzi gave him another chance
on the other side we saw that maryam was
putting the painting of her father and herself
on the wall but then we saw someone else in the
house and he was spying on maryam then suddenly
maryam found the beheaded head of her cat on
the dining table she got so scared and started
to scream loudly she loved that cat so much yoda
heard her scream and came to her house he tried to
calm her down but then the maid saw them together
and that's why maryam told yoda to get out of
there because this could lead to a
misunderstanding because her and her husband
when roy came back home mariam told him that i
found the head of our cat on the dining table
royals also so shocked after hearing this he told
her that we should sell this house maryam got so
shocked after hearing this and told him that
this house is the only memory of my father and
i will never sell this house then roy asked her if
she wanted to see his head on the table tomorrow
and we realized that ozil's man killed the cat
so that maryam would easily agree to sell the
house then roy asked her if she wanted to see his
head on that table tomorrow and we realized that
ozil's man killed that cat so that mariam would
easily agree to sell the house but mariam didn't
agree with him then roy told her that you are
cheating on me with that painter and that's why
you don't care about me at all after saying
this roy left the house and informed ozzie that
maryam is not agreeing on selling the house after
hearing this oozy told him if mariam dies then the
property will be yours roy was so angry and he
also had a doubt that his wife and the painter
were in a relationship and that's why he told
aussie to kill his own wife and made a plan so
that the painter will get arrested for his wife's
murder after that ozy kidnapped yuda and marry him
on the other side roy was recalling the memories
of maryam and now he was feeling guilty about his
decision that's why he realized that whatever he
had done to marry him was so wrong then he called
ozzie and canceled the plan of killing his wife
roy also told him not to do anything to his wife
but since ozzy was not a good guy he gave
maryam to his men all of these men raped maryam
one by one but mariam knew self-defense because
of her dad therefore she hit them and tried to
run away from their aussie was also torturing
yoda but somehow he also freed himself and helped
maryam to run away from there but one of ozy's men
stabbed him with a knife and he became injured on
the other side maryam went to the bridge while
running she asked from a car but that was uzi's
car and after some time all of hoses men came
here as well they stabbed her with a knife and
pushed her down from the bridge but yoda
was the witness of this murder yoda told
everything to the police but the police couldn't
find her body anywhere and that's why they started
to blame him for the murder on the other side
we saw roy he was sleeping suddenly he heard a
cat noise and he woke up when he went downstairs
he found his dead cat his whole body was covered
in blood and then he saw a beheaded head of maryam
on the table he got so scared and suddenly he woke
up but then he again got into the nightmare
and in this nightmare maryam was scaring him
and just like before he again woke up from
his sleep and again saw maryam and he got
very sick meanwhile the villagers were taking
about maryam's soul on the bridge on the other
side roy was waiting for the death certificate of
maryam so that he could sell the house and return
ozi's money and then we saw the maryam seduced a
man of aussie and took him to the bridge he was so
drunk after that she killed him just like that
she killed another man of ozy to take revenge
yoda was also having nightmares he saw that maryam
was trying to kill him and then suddenly he woke
up and next morning they found two dead bodies on
the bridge and maryam killed them last night the
villagers were taking about mariam soul all these
men were also scared since two of their friends
had died but ozil's told them that others no such
thing as a ghost and we don't have to be scared
yodo was also talking to the villagers about
her ghost the villagers believed that after
that murder maryam had become so powerful as a
ghost and she is taking revenge on the people
who killed her but yoda told them that maryam
was such a nice girl and she could not kill this
man like this another night maryam killed another
man of aussie and when the other guy tried to
go outside maryam cut his throat with her power
when ozy came back and saw the dead bodies of his
men he got so scared the last of his men
ran away from there while he was running
away maryam also killed him on the other side
ozil went to judah's house to save his life
because he believed that if he says with yoda then
maryam will not harm him and he told yoda that
roy ordered me to kill maryam so that he could
sell the house and i could get the money back
after hearing this yoda became so mad at him
and he locked oozy in his house and went to
roy he tried to make him tell the truth he told
him to accept his guilt but roy didn't want to go
to jail and that's why he started to break stuff
and screamed loudly so that all the people would
think yoda had killed them all and now he came
here to kill him as well after hearing the noise
and screaming the villagers came to roy's house
and they went back with yoda yoda told them that
roy kidnapped me and marry him with the help of
uzi and then they killed maryam yoda took them to
his home to make them believe him but when he went
to his house he saw that the door was already open
and ozi's dead body was hanging from the ceiling
all the people started to have doubts about yoda
but he told them that if i would killed him then
i would never take you all to my house but none of
them listened to him therefore you to trick them
and ran away the next day the police went to roy's
house to protect him so that yoda wouldn't attack
him anymore at night roy saw that maryam was
inside the house he got so scared and came outside
he told it to the police and the police went to
his bedroom to check and then the boss of oozy
kidnapped him the name of his boss was cotton he
told him that i have given that money to ozi and
he gave that money to you and now since he is dead
it's your responsibility to return the money and
if you don't do this then i will kill your family
right now your mom and your sister will also be
part of this after that roy went to that bridge
with cotton's man and an exorcist to get rid of
mariam's ghost the exorcist started the exorcism
and maryam came to the bridge but he couldn't
do any harm to marry him he told them that
this soul is so powerful and then the exorcist
ran away from there and taken cotton's men began
to shoot maryam but maryam cut his throat with
his own knife roy was so scared to see this and
began to say sorry to her meanwhile yoda also came
there and stopped maryam he told that i know you
haven't died yet you're still alive you went to
a house by the river and planned to kill everyone
and take your revenge since your dad was a member
of a special force he taught you everything about
self defense and you had no option but to become a
ghost the whole village is scared of you and that
made it easy for you to take your revenge after
knowing this roy said sorry to her and told her
that when i found out you had an affair with this
painter i couldn't help myself and i told ozzy to
kill both of you but still i love you a lot and
i tried so much so that ozzy doesn't kill you but
it was too late yoda told him that there's nothing
between us maryam always respected your love and
she cannot even think about cheating on you roy
say that i know mariam deserves so much better
than me and if she wants then she can kill me
right now i love her a lot maryam started to
cry after hearing this and dropped the knife roy
hugged her and told her that they will start their
life from the beginning but then cotton's men
hit yoda in his head but before he could kill him
maryam threw that knife into his chest and he died
but then roy stabbed maryam from the back and told
her that he loves her but he needs to kill her for
his family because the life of his family members
was in danger yoda becomes so angry and killed
roy with that stone and then mariam died and
yoda's lab yoda dropped heart dead body into the
river and surrendered himself to the police yoda
got arrested and we saw that cotton got his hand
on maryam's house but now maryam has become a real
ghost she tell him in all his men at the end of
the movie we saw that ozzy had also become a ghost
and he was scaring the women who were crossing
the bridge to watch more explanation of these
kinds of movies click on the videos on your screen
and don't forget to let me know how you feel about
today's video in the comments down below and
at last i will say stay safe stay well thanks